His REMark in the code was 80-MICRO May 1985, so I downloaded the issue from archive.org and it indicated it was a modification of a program posted in 80-MICRO in Dec 1984, so I downloaded that issue too.  Both articles had program listings for the Tandy Model 3/4, but the first article was limited to the standard character graphics (turn on or off a block character), while the second article used the high resolution 640x240 graphics option board.
Jack's port takes full advantage of the Tektronix 1024x780 graphics on the 4052A, so I made a modified version with compatible variable names to work with all the Tektronix 4051/4052/4054 computers including the 405x emulator.
As the 80-MICRO articles indicate, fractals are very interesting, and the program in the May article draws lines - which makes it a great candidate for porting, but you have to understand the BASIC commands for graphics on the Tandy high resolution graphics board and the Tektronix 4050 BASIC.
This program encourages experimentation.  You input the number of "sides" for the fractal and number of "levels".  You also indicate whether you want the fractal (Y) or inverse fractal 👎 or both (B) which is Jack's innovation, not found in the Tandy programs.
More levels means more time to complete the graphic.  In the May article they mentioned 4 level fractals would take an hour to complete on the Model III with high-resolution graphics.
The 4052/4054 have hardware floating point, so a 5-sided, 4-level, Both fractal only took 5 minutes!  The 4051 will be considerably slower, likely closer to the Model III timing.
Here are screenshots I took running Fractals in Focus on the 405x emulator, showing the different patterns for 4-sided just the fractal 👎, and 4-Sided 1/2/3/4 Levels, with Both fractal and inverse fractal.
And I also included a photo of my 4054A showing 5-Sided, 4-Levels,Both, and a closeup of the details of that fractal.
